Reword E2E training and inference tips in the vision guides (#5217)
huggingface/datasets: docs/source/object_detection.mdx

... )
```

<div class="flex justify-center">
    <img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/nateraw/documentation-images/resolve/main/visualize_detection_example_transformed_2.png">
</div>

<Tip>

Now that you know how to process a dataset for object detection, learn

> [how to train an object detection model](https://nbviewer.org/github/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/blob/master/YOLOS/Fine_tuning_YOLOS_for_object_detection_on_custom_dataset_%28balloon%29.ipynb)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[how to train an object detection model](https://colab.research.google.com/github/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/blob/master/YOLOS/Fine_tuning_YOLOS_for_object_detection_on_custom_dataset_(balloon).ipynb)
```
